Feature/sunmemory alloc stats (#236)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Introduction.rst

Fixed an underflow bug during root finding.

A new capability to keep track of memory allocations made through the ``SUNMemoryHelper``
classes has been added. Memory allocation stats can be accessed through the
:c:func:`SUNMemoryHelper_GetAllocStats` family of functions. See the documentation for
the ``SUNMemoryHelper`` classes for more details.

> Add support for CUDA v12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for CUDA v12.
```

Fixed an underflow bug during root finding.

A new capability to keep track of memory allocations made through the ``SUNMemoryHelper``
classes has been added. Memory allocation stats can be accessed through the

> :c:func:`SUNMemoryHelper_GetAllocStats` family of functions. See the documentation for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:c:func:`SUNMemoryHelper_GetAllocStats` function. See the documentation for
```
